[DOCS-8334] Add unified service tagging info for OpenTelemetry (#24039)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/tagging/unified_service_tagging.md

### Serverless environment

For more information about AWS Lambda functions, see [how to connect your Lambda telemetry using tags][15].

### OpenTelemetry

When using OpenTelemetry, map the following [resource attributes][16] to their corresponding Datadog conventions:

| OpenTelemetry convention | Datadog convention |
| --- | --- |
| `deployment.environment` | `env` |
| `service.name` | `service` |

> | `service.version` | `version` |

Reviewer: So this is documented here https://docs.datadoghq.com/opentelemetry/schema_semantics/semantic_mapping/?tab=datadogexporter, I am fine with having it in both places but just wanted to flag it in case we prioritize avoiding duplication

Author: Right, this is something I was debating myself. Generally we want to avoid duplication, but in this case, I think the minor overhead of having this small table in two places outweighs the inconvenience we'd create pointing users to the existing table on another page. We could use a reusable snippet, but I think that might overengineering for something so small. Let's leave this for now, and we can adjust if it becomes a problem. 👍

Reviewer: Okay, makes sense!

> <div class="alert alert-warning">Do not use Datadog-specific tags like <code>DD_SERVICE</code>, <code>DD_ENV</code> or <code>DD_VERSION</code> in your OpenTelemetry configuration.</div>

Reviewer: I think we should use the term "environment variables" here, and we can rephrase it closer to this:
```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning">Datadog-specific environment variables like <code>DD_SERVICE</code>, <code>DD_ENV</code> or <code>DD_VERSION</code> are not supported out of the box in your OpenTelemetry configuration.</div>
```

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Environment variables" %}}

> To set resource attributes using environment variables, set `OTEL_RESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES` with the appropriate values:

Author: I'm not sure if this is the correct env variable, or if they should just use OTEL_SERVICE_NAME?

Reviewer: Both would work for setting `service.name`, `OTEL_RESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES` is more general

```shell
export OTEL_RESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES="service.name=my-service,deployment.environment=production,service.version=1.2.3"
```

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "SDK" %}}

To set resource attributes in your application code, create a `Resource` with the desired attributes and associate it with your `TracerProvider`.

Here's an example using Python:

```python
from opentelemetry.sdk.resources import Resource
from opentelemetry.sdk.trace import TracerProvider

resource = Resource(attributes={
   "service.name": "<SERVICE>",
   "deployment.environment": "<ENV>",

>    "service.version": "<VERSION>"

Reviewer: OpenTelemetry Python has a package that defines these constants: https://opentelemetry.io/docs/languages/python/instrumentation/#add-semantic-attributes

We can make use of it here; we would have to import:
```python
from opentelemetry.semconv.resource import ResourceAttributes
```

and then we can use `ResourceAttributes.SERVICE_NAME`, `ResourceAttributes.DEPLOYMENT_ENVIRONMENT` and `ResourceAttributes.SERVICE_VERSION` here

Author: Ah, good note! Since we only have this one code example for now, I wonder if it'd be better to leave the simple example with string literals instead of these constants?

This might be more easily understood for those less familiar with OpenTelemetry, and it'd translate to other languages more easily?

Reviewer: That's fine, yes, the main benefit here is if the semantic conventions name change, but these three are not going to change any time soon, so we can just use the strings there
